---
title: September General Assembly
date: 2017-09-16 00:00:00 Z
layout: post
---

**General Assembly**

**September 29th, 6:30PM @ Verso Books**

**20 Jay Street, Suite 1010, Brooklyn**

[Facebook Event](https://www.facebook.com/events/103931793692474/)

The GA will begin @ 7:00 PM

An orientation will precede the assembly @ 6:30 PM
The Metropolitan Anarchist Coordinating Council (MACC) is hosting our next general assembly on September 29th at Verso Books. If you haven't attended before, these assemblies are an opportunity to get plugged in with MACC, its various committees and working groups, and other NYC based anarchist projects.

As with all assemblies, we encourage everyone to come with ideas about what they would like to see for future campaigns or actions and what direction they'd like MACC to take in terms of building a more powerful, militant anarchist movement.

MACC assemblies are open to all anarchists, antifascists, anti-authoritarians and those interested in anarchist ideas and organizing so please invite your friends and share widely!

An orientation will precede the assembly starting at 6:30 PM for those interested in familiarizing themselves with MACC, the history, process and politics that underskirt general assemblies, and anarchist ideas. This orientation will focus on MACC Emergency Action, and on getting involved in the work being done outside the assemblies. Most of what we do involves direct action and running the support structure for that.

Tentative agenda:

* No Platform for Fascism Campaign and Coalition
* Charlottesville Support report-back
* General Working Groups report-backs
* Rojava report-back
* Mutual Aid Projects
* Working Group Breakouts (The MEA breakout will be dicsussing how we choose which events to endorse and to support, what the difference is, and how we can best use out time and energy.)

For more information contact us at info@macc.nyc.
