---
title: June General Assembly
date: 2017-06-23 00:00:00 Z
---

*MACC General Assembly - June 23rd*

*6:30PM @ Verso Books*

*20 Jay Street, Suite 1010, Brooklyn*


The GA will begin @ 7:00 PM.
An orientation will precede the assembly @ 6:30 PM.

[Facebook event](https://www.facebook.com/events/1917037618576162/)

The Metropolitan Anarchist Coordinating Council (MACC) is hosting our next general assembly, June 23rd at Verso Books. If you connected with us at our June 10th "No Platform" Noise Demo countering the thinly veiled anti-Muslim rally in Foley Square this is a great opportunity to come out and get involved in MACC and its various committees and working groups.  At this general assembly we'll be talking about the ongoing No Platform for Fascism campaign and Pride events (i.e., H4J's No Justice No Pride).

In recognition of Pride weekend and last week's International Day of Solidarity with Marius Mason & All Long-Term Anarchist Prisoners we'll be holding a Noise Demo at MCC on Saturday the 24th at 7 PM.  A call and text will follow soon!

We encourage everyone to come with ideas about what they would like to see for our No Platform campaign and Pride actions as well as what direction they'd like MACC to take in terms of building a more powerful, militant anarchist movement. 

MACC Assemblies are open to all anarchists, antifascists, anti-authoritarians and those interested in anarchist ideas and organizing so please invite your friends and share widely!

An orientation will precede the assembly starting at 6:30 PM for those interested in familiarizing themselves with MACC, the history, process and politics that underskirt general assemblies, and anarchist ideas.
