---
title: February General Assembly
date: 2017-02-10 00:00:00 Z
---

Mayday Space, Great Hall

Friday, February 10th (7PM-8:30 PM)

## THE ASSEMBLY:

MACC will be hosting another anarchist assembly at Mayday Space, February 10th at 7 PM.  An orientation will be held to teach the history of assemblies and basic process at 6:30 preceding the assembly for all interested.

This announcement will be updated tomorrow with a preliminary agenda.

All anarchists are welcome to attend the assembly.


### MACC Introduction & the Assembly Model

#### About MACC:

The Metropolitan Anarchist Coordinating Council is organized under the guiding principles of horizontalism, direct democracy and direct action. Through this umbrella we are building an anarchist movement forum in NYC greater than the sum of its parts. With the present atmosphere of xenophobia, racism, misogyny and the sense of ennui surrounding representational politics in America, we are making diverse anarchist projects visible to the world at large and seeding resistance to this emboldened right-wing with an alternative, radical form of participatory politics.

We seek to build on the diverse manifestations of these politics that have developed around the world – from Chiapas to Rojava, from the Movement of the Squares to Alterglobalization, from Syntagma Square to Zuccotti Park.  To this end, MACC currently exists as a series of monthly assemblies operating on modified consensus. With a “democracy of direct action” ethos, MACC is a coordinating (not mandating) body, ensuring our ability to address larger questions of strategy and narrative while protecting a plurality of voices and tactics. This means participating groups are free to determine their own internal structure and pursue their own vital projects. In this way, we demonstrate a vision for a society in fundamental opposition to the brutal logic of contemporary capitalism. A society based on mutual aid, cooperation, and radical democracy.
