---
title: 'March General Assembly: Preparing for Mayday'
date: 2017-03-03 00:00:00 Z
---

Mayday Space, Great Hall

176 St Nicholas Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11237

Friday, March 3rd (7PM-8:30 PM)

An orientation will precede the assembly at 6:30 PM

Facebook event: https://www.facebook.com/events/1505604762807099/

The Metropolitan Anarchist Coordinating Council (MACC) will be hosting our next general assembly Friday, March 3rd, 7 PM, at Mayday Space Great Hall. The headline agenda item will be Mayday and our plans to make this traditional anarchist holiday one to remember. A full preliminary agenda will be created at the MACC organizing meeting this Saturday, February 25th at 7 PM @ the Base BK, which you're all encouraged to attend.

An orientation will precede the assembly beginning at 6:30 discussing the political history of general assemblies and social movements, anarchist organizational models, and basic process.

We've been hard at work building infrastructure to support a strong and enduring anarchist movement in the NYC area. Part of that includes cementing the new friendships and relationships that have developed in the last months of struggle. This assembly will be especially useful for those looking to meet and connect with other anarchists to make a consistent, viable presence in the demonstrations and actions taking place daily since Trump's election. MACC Emergency Action (MEA) has put together plans for a quick response phone tree, so we encourage everyone to come out, help us to form these affinity groups, and get to know all the new faces that have joined us in building a bottom up resistance.

Expected breakout groups at the conclusion of the assembly include: the Rapid Responders Network, MACC Anti-Doxxing, MACC Emergency Action, the MACC Infrastructure Group, MACC Legal Support (focusing on Jail and Court Support), the MACC Press Committee and MACC Propaganda.

MACC general assemblies are open to all anarchists and to all with an interest in anarchist politics and ideas. So please share widely, bring your friends, your thoughts, ideas, proposals and any important reportbacks!

For more information visit www.macc.nyc or contact us at info@macc.nyc.

Invite your friend to like our Facebook page to get plugged into news and relevant events: https://www.facebook.com/MACCnyc/
Twitter: https://twitter.com/macc_nyc?lang=en

We look forward to seeing you there.

